# General Terms and Conditions (GTC)
## OVERVIEW
This website is operated by Your-Garden-Eden. Throughout the website, the terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Your-Garden-Eden. Your-Garden-Eden offers you, the user, this website, including all information, tools, and services available on this website, on the condition that you accept all terms, conditions, policies, and notices set forth herein.
By visiting our site and/or purchasing something from us, you participate in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service,” “Terms,” “Conditions”), including the additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available via hyperlink. These terms and conditions apply to all users of the site, including browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/or content providers.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms and conditions.
Any new features or tools added to the current store are also subject to the terms and conditions. You can review the most current version of the terms and conditions at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these terms and conditions by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Our store is hosted by Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
## SECTION 1 – ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these terms and conditions, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You may not transmit any worms or viruses or any other code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the terms and conditions will result in immediate termination of your services.
## SECTION 2 – GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service at any time and for any reason.
You understand that your content (excluding credit card information) may be transferred unencrypted and (a) involve transmissions over various networks and (b) require changes to adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transmission over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the Service is provided, without our express written permission.
The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no limiting or other effect on these Terms.
## SECTION 3 – ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the information provided on this Site. The materials on this Site are for general information only and should not be relied upon as the sole basis for any decision without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete, or more up-to-date sources of information. Your reliance on the materials on this Site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information is not necessarily current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the content of this site at any time, but we are under no obligation to update the information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
## SECTION 4 – CHANGES TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
The prices of our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time, at any time, to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
## SECTION 5 – PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may be available in limited quantities and are subject to change or discontinuation at any time without notice, including without limitation or as a result of errors on our website.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear in the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's color display is accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales or services of our products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right at any time, on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantity of any products or services we offer. All product descriptions and product prices are subject to change at any time without notice and at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. All offers for products or services provided on this website are void where prohibited by law.
We do not guarantee that the quality of any products, services, information, or other materials purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations or that any errors in the service will be corrected.
## SECTION 6 – ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit or debit card, or orders that appear to be placed by or are in the same customer account, the same credit or debit card, or the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we change or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by email and/or via the billing address/phone number provided by you when placing the order. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole discretion, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made in our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we are able to complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more details, please see our Refund Policy: [Refund Policy](/widerrufsrecht)
## SECTION 7 – OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools that we neither monitor nor control nor have any influence over.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools “as is” and “as available,” without any warranties, representations, or conditions of any kind, and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Your use of optional tools offered through the Site is at your own risk and discretion. You should ensure that you are familiar with and agree to the terms and conditions under which the tools are provided by the respective third-party providers. We may also offer new services and/or features through the Website in the future (including the release of new tools and resources). These new features and/or services will also be subject to these Terms and Conditions.
## SECTION 8 – THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products, and services available via our Service may include materials from third-party providers.
Third-party providers may provide services and/or resources on our Service. We do not monitor, control, or review third-party services or websites and do not recommend any third-party services or websites. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy, or reliability of third-party services or websites, or for any damage or loss resulting from your use of or reliance on such third-party services or websites.
We are not liable for any damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review the third-party provider's policies and practices carefully and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party provider.
## SECTION 9 – USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain submissions (such as contest entries) or, without such a request, send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or by any other means (collectively, “Comments”), you agree that we may edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate, and otherwise use any comments you submit to us at any time without restriction. We are and remain under no obligation to (1) keep any comments confidential, (2) pay compensation for any comments, or (3) respond to any comments.
We may, but are not obligated to, monitor, edit, or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion to be unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene, or otherwise objectionable or that violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any third party rights, including copyrights, trademarks, privacy rights, personality rights, or other personal or proprietary rights. You further agree that your comments will not contain any defamatory or otherwise unlawful, abusive, or obscene material, nor will they contain any computer viruses or other malware that could in any way impair the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person, or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for your comments and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third party.
## SECTION 10 – PERSONAL DATA
Your transmission of personal data via the Shop is subject to our Privacy Policy, which you can view here: [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)
## SECTION 11 – ERRORS, INACCURACIES, AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally, information on our Site or in the Service may contain typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, prices, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transportation times, and availability. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice (including after you have submitted your order), to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate.
We assume no obligation to update, modify, or clarify information in the Service or on any related websites, including, without limitation, pricing information, unless required by law. An update or refresh date indicated on the Service or any related website should not be understood as indicating that all information on the Service or any related website has been modified or updated.
## SECTION 12 – PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the Site or its content:
(a) for any unlawful purpose;
(b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts;
(c) to violate any international, federal, provincial, or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances;
(d) to infringe or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others;
(e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability;
(f) to make false or misleading statements;
(g) to upload or transmit viruses or other types of malicious code that are used or may be used in a manner that affects the functionality or operation of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet;
(h) to collect or track the personal data of others;
(i) for spamming, phishing, pharming, spoofing, spidering, crawling, or scraping;
(j) for obscene or immoral purposes; or
(k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet.
We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for any prohibited use in accordance with the Terms of Use.
## SECTION 13 – DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee or warrant that your use of our Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.
We do not guarantee that the results obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that we may remove the Service from time to time for indefinite periods of time or terminate the Service at any time without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of the Service or your inability to use the Service is at your sole risk. The Service and all products and services provided to you through the Service are (unless expressly stated otherwise by us) provided “as is” and “as available” for your use, without any representations, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title and non-infringement.
In no event shall Your-Garden-Eden, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers, or licensors be liable for any injuries, losses, claims, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, data loss, replacement costs, or similar damages, whether based on contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or otherwise, arising from your use of the Service or products obtained through the Service, or for any other claims in any way related to your use of the Service or any product, including, but not limited to, errors or omissions in content or loss or damage of any kind arising from the use of the Service or any content (or products) posted, transmitted or otherwise made available through the Service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, our liability in such states or jurisdictions is limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
## SECTION 14 – DAMAGES
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Your-Garden-Eden and our parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns, and employees from any claims and demands, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents referenced in these Terms of Service, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
## SECTION 15 – SEVERABILITY
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be unlawful, invalid, or unenforceable, that provision shall nevertheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed severed from these Terms and Conditions. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of all other remaining provisions.
## SECTION 16 – TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties arising prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this Agreement for all purposes.
These Terms and Conditions shall remain in effect until terminated by you or us. You may terminate these Terms and Conditions at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our services, or when you cease using our Site.
If, in our sole discretion, you breach any term or provision of these terms and conditions, or we suspect that you have breached any term or provision of these terms and conditions, we may also terminate this agreement at any time without notice. In such event, you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or we may deny you access to our services (or any part thereof) accordingly.
## SECTION 17 – ENTIRE AGREEMENT
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms and Conditions and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to the Service constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service. They supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications, and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, all prior versions of the Terms and Conditions).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms and Conditions shall not be construed against the drafting party.
## SECTION 18 – GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements by which we provide you Services are governed by the laws of Germany.
## SECTION 19 – CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can view the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, modify, or replace any part of these terms and conditions by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website regularly for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the service following the posting of any changes to these terms and conditions constitutes acceptance of those changes.